TODO
More than one instance of bitcore-lib found. Please make sure that you are not mixing instances of classes of the different versions of bitcore.
seeing 1 error flash when generating keys
https
form validation
run minimum tests when site accessed
import/export design
homepage
faq
todos throughout code
internet explorer doesn't refresh with bip38

design:
export controller progress design, initial and re-render
import / decryption complete - click button to view
add all button on form
start over button on form
environment checks: app header, disable recover, disable generate, show info bar on form and export
print progress
light blue little bit ligher / brighter
tip address
select a currency or default to first?
homepage scale too big on small screens?
ability to re-hide more currencies on home?
ability to encrypt / decrypt on export page?
use rounded or square qr code for split form?

low priority:
save as txt and csv
double click cryptostorage.html opens page in browser
wait for images before loading homepage
try all imported file / key combinations to recover
prevent scroll revealing some of next picture
copy line break in pdf inserts space
console warning "unexpected end of file" in firefox caused by ddslick
timeouts in tests so browser doesn't lock
csv import to support "bring your own keys"
optimize tests by getting one set of keys of repeat_long size
verify no name collisions
code scan
minimize initial dependencies: condense files to single files, lazy load css

consult designers
opinion on donate page + ui designer tip address - link to open user's wallet
error messages on key generation page - let them click button once, outline with red, deactivate until they fix.  Constrain split input and keep in sync
disable generate button until input valid? - let them click once then disable until error corrected
color of generate buttons / pulsing? - form button same as home page, maybe shift to darker
slider points, logos, and supporting content - fill icons with white, multiple locks
BIP38 vs CryptoJS encryption option for BTC/BCH - checkbox on same line as "Show passphrase", "Use BIP38 for Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash"